## Capstone Research Portfolio 

### by Maridee S. Carson and Julie k. Curtis

#### Eastern Oregon University

This github repository contains nearly everything you'll need to understand what we collected for our  experiment.

Specifically, this repository contains the following directories and files.

This repository contains all of the information in each folder:

###Data Directory##
 1. Data.csv: In the Data Directory is a file called Data.csv which contains indivual participants by item number as well as his or her PANAS test score for the experiment conducted by Julie K. Curtis and Maridee S. Carson from Eastern Oregon University called, "Facebook and Mood". This information is categorized by gender group of either male or female.This information is further categorized by group: the Facebook group, online browsing group or the control of no computer use. This information was generated by Survey Gizmo from an excel spreadsheet. 

 2. Analysis.Rmd: This is a file created in R Studio that will show our analysis tests along with beautiful graphs for illustration.
 
###Documents Directory##
 1. CarsonCurtis(1).pdf: In the documents directory we have our final manuscript for our experiment "Facebook and Mood" by Julie K. Curtis and Maridee S. Carson from Eastern Oregon University in APA format.
 2. In Psy 441 Final Poster.pdf: Is a poster made of our project which illustrates the main points of our experiment and our paper.
 3. Codebook.md: In this folder there is a layout of What the porcedure was for our experiment as well as how we chose to analyze the information that was collected.
 
###Materials##
 1. SurveyGizmo.pdf: This is an example of the survey test that our participants opened in the link to our experiment, "Facebook and Mood". This shows how the participants were divided by birth month, gender and finally to one of three groups.


